extend documentation on how to run cypres on wsl2 (#14393)
forem/forem: docs/installation/windows.md

> If you encountered any errors that you subsequently resolved, **please
> consider updating this section** with your errors and their solutions.

> ### WSL2 and End to End Test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### WSL2 and End to End Tests
```

> In order to run Cypress Test Runner, a few extra setups are required to run GUIs
> natively inside of WSL2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run Cypress Test Runner, a few extra setup steps are required to run GUIs
natively inside of WSL2.

```

> [this guide](https://nickymeuleman.netlify.app/blog/gui-on-wsl2-cypress) show
> how to use graphical user interfaces like Cypress in WSL2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[This guide](https://nickymeuleman.netlify.app/blog/gui-on-wsl2-cypress) explains
how to use graphical user interfaces like Cypress inside WSL2.
```
